Create action (#1)
phantomstudios/appreciation-engine-whitelist: README.md

# appreciation-engine-whitelist

You can use this Github-Action to add or remove domains from Appreciation Engine's whitelist.

> The following workflow is an example a domain is added to the whitelist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following workflow adds an example domain to the whitelist.
```
